the screech of breaks on wet road
eyes of the driver filled with horror an
ear splitting bump of impact
you open your eyes to the rain falling
on your face
and don't see anything through the blur
at first
then your vision clears and you see the
gray sky and the black spot of a face
above you
are you alright i'm so sorry i didn't
see you
you get up with the help of the driver
who hit you
thankfully apart from torn clothes no
serious damage has been done
and you don't even feel pain your
exoskeleton took
all the impact upon itself the driver
offers to call an ambulance
but you refuse still you both wait for
the police to arrive you tell them it
was your fault for crossing the street
in a wrong place
they give you a warning and let you both
go
at home you take off your shirt and
check the kite and plates on your side
they seem absolutely fine exoskeleton is
such a wonderful evolutionary feature
after all
the plates are hard enough to take a
serious impact without breaking
yet they're also flexible acting a bit
like a spring when something hits them
by the way about that hit you clearly
remember that you didn't run across the
road as fast as you used to
you frown and swing your arms and legs
then bend at the waist to check your
suspicions
ah it's becoming harder for you to move
the shell
is too rigid ah well it's time to molt
then you take a couple of deep breaths
and then
inhale as hard as you can you hear
cracking from behind that's the hard
shell coming apart
your body's grown and it feels awkward
inside the exoskeleton
but the outer part of it doesn't grow as
opposed to the rest of you
it's not alive you hold your breath
your chest pumped up and finally the
crack is large enough for you to take
the carapace off
but first you get up and take a small
crowbar from your desk
kept there for this exact reason you
push it under the plates in your arm
and free your elbow joints ah feels like
freedom
the hard stuff falls on the ground and
underneath there's a soft and wrinkly
skin
getting harder as you watch with your
new and a bit
bigger arms you reach behind and help
yourself out of the carapace altogether
great now you're pink and wrinkled and
your sensitivity is spiked
your fresh skin is tender to the touch
it won't tolerate any stress
it'll take a night for the new
exoskeleton to harden and become
protective
so you lie on the bed again and soon
fall asleep
in the morning you're covered with hard
plates again good
the phone vibrates and you see a
reminder it's saturday
time for your weekly sledding race you
quickly dress
take your sports bag and leave you
decide to ride your motorbike to the
sledding hall
no protection needed the carapace is
hard enough to take any kind of accident
the wind pleasantly ruffles your hair
and in 20 minutes
you're there your teammates wave at you
from the top of the track
already in their sports suits today you
agreed to
try and take on the longest one with
several sharp turns and a high start
you go first the rush of wind
immediately blows in your face
the speed is getting higher every second
the first sharp turn comes
you stretch your arm to the side to slow
down and turn
and you make it but the second turn
appears too quickly
and you don't react in time it goes as
if in slow motion
you approach the turn head on trying
hard to swerve
but only banking a little bit then
you're sliding straight onto the ramp
and you're in the air flying over it the
ground of the hall is getting closer
smack you're rolling in the artificial
grass
protecting your head with your arms you
slowly get up
feeling your body all over for the signs
of cracks in the carapace
your teammates come over worried you
seem to be fine but
there's a creek and a dull ache in the
side when you tilt your torso to the
left
you apologize and leave to the nearest
hospital
the doctor inspects your carapace and
orders an x-ray
on the picture you see a small splinter
between
two plates that go straight into the
soft tissue below
that's where the egg comes from thing is
the hard and flexible plates are firmly
connected with the muscle and other
tissues underneath
so if anything gets in between the
plates it goes
into your body proper the doctor takes
tweezers from her desk
and carefully pulls out the splinter you
feel a sharp pang
and then relief you thank her and are
already moving to leave
when you hear a groan from behind a
curtain in the back of the office
then the curtain shifts a bit and you
see a human
arm but it looks strange as if the
carapace has gone off
someone's molting here right you look at
the doctor in surprise
but she suddenly stands up and urgently
sees you out the door
[Music]
you decide to find out what's going on
and stay nearby
inconspicuously watching the doctor's
office
patients come and go but when lunch time
comes
you see your chance the doctor leaves
and forgets to lock the door
you take a look around and sneak in
while nobody's watching
doctor is that you a voice comes from
behind the curtain
trembling in fear and anticipation you
put your hand on it
you take a deep calming breath and throw
it open
behind it on a couch lies a man covered
in bandages up to his face
with only a few patches of body seen
through the white layers
and those patches don't have any signs
of carapace on them
the man looks at you in shock and
presses the button he holds in his right
hand
almost immediately the door flings open
and two pairs of strong hands
take you under the armpits and haul you
out of the office
then you feel a sharp prick in your neck
and the world goes dark
you wake up from noise and shaking you
hear quiet voices and open your eyes
just a bit
through the slits you see you're in a
car
and right above you sits the same doctor
from the hospital
but she's different her hands and neck
are covered in carapace alright but her
face looks
naked and alive she suddenly looks at
you and her eyes grow wide
she shouts stop the truck and herdly
takes something from the bench beside
her
she applies it to her face and you see
it's a carapace mask
the car starts to slow down and you see
your chance
you spring to your feet and throw
yourself onto the back door of the truck
forcing it to open you land awkwardly
scramble to your feet and run
behind you the doctor cries stop please
wait but you run even faster you manage
to hitch a ride to your neighborhood and
walk home from there
but when you approach your house you see
a suspicious car
standing on the curb with horror you
realize you've provided
all your details to the hospital upon
check-in
they know who you are and where you live
you turn around to run before they
notice you but only
bump into the fake doctor again you back
off slowly
but there are two large men already
coming towards you from the car
you look around in panic but the doctor
raises her hand in a peace gesture
and asks you to talk inside you seem to
have no
choice so you two come into your home
leaving the other men outside
when you both sit down the doctor takes
off her mask again
it turns out she was born with a genetic
anomaly
her skeleton is not outside her body but
inside
and it has a bony structure she was
laughed at during her childhood
other kids called her skinny mary so she
took the old carapaces of her parents
and adapted them to fit her she
dedicated the rest of her life to
finding others like her
all the while hiding her real identity
from everyone else
but the only one she could find so far
was the man you saw in her office
he got into a car accident and his old
borrowed carapace didn't save him from
injuries
and then you came by after the story
the doctor apologized for her earlier
behavior
and asked you if you would like to
participate in her new experiment
she wanted to give herself that man and
other people like them
an opportunity to live a normal life
among others
and for that she needed parts of a
carapace that hadn't been molted yet
it's safe she assures you the shell will
grow back
as always and after thinking for a while
you agree
she smiles and thanks you you go to a
lab
mary rented and lie on the table on her
cue
you see jay the injured man from her
office on a table nearby
unconscious the doctor says she'll need
to give you a general anesthetic
and put you under to take samples of
your carapace
you nod and she injects the medication
you wake up with a feeling of freshness
in your body
you look at yourself and see fresh skin
slowly turning hard
just like the day before above you
stands merry
she's smiling with tears in her eyes you
look to the side and see jake
sitting on his table with a carapace
clinging perfectly to his body